Joseph Sayler
Status report 25
6/5/2017


Weekend

removed javascript code from the editor and viewer and placed them in a .js file in the assets folder. the code for tip_editor.php and tip.php looks a looooot nicer now. (if time permits, maybe we do this with other code too?)

restructured db. the db is now ready to lock into OAuth with the new USERS table.

refined the logic for the tip editor. there were some issues where things weren't working as expected, such as the load button only pulling survey names on page refresh, not every time the load button is clicked (fixed), and some invalid json formatting when saving surveys to the db (also fixed).

started on creating an interface for admins to select a default quiz. created a flag in db under SURVEYS table which defaults to 0 (not default quiz) and is changed to 1 when the admin selects that quiz as default. this whole thing will be a modal accessable from the editor page. since non admins do not have access to editor page, this also solves any accessibility issues

made slight changes to tip viewer to help prepare it for when this new admin feature is ready.


Today

will finish the default surveys interface. 

justin asked me to help him with his table on the main dashboard page. i will work with him on that (i think i made some code for him, it just didn't get to him yet?)

also, kari asked for help with getting complete/incomplete status for quizzes and a date/time stamp. i will try to implement these today or tomorrow as well.


Roadblocks

mostly time. the holiday held me up a bit.

also, the issues assigned to me are pretty ecclectic (?), and i feel the more front endish stuff could be done better by others. so i would like to focus more on the back end programming stuff, like linking things to the db, maybe help with the email/support page.

i will still weigh in on the issues assigned to me, but probably won't do much else with them until i get the other stuff done or s hits the fan and ya'll need mah help.
