Joseph Sayler
Status report 27
6/9/2017



Yesterday


finished Justin's json file script



Today


improved Justin's json file script

the script to make the file now has a sql statement that performs a left join and pulls all users who are assigned to whatever survey the searcher wants to look for. added logic to allow only positive integers and a keyword - all; when all is typed in, ALL survey IDs are returned. i am assuming that date will be filtered on the client end so there is no restriction on how many records this pulls. it saves them all to a json file on the server anyway.

the script will now only output a json file when passed a valid parameter via an ajax method of some kind. the name of parameter is 'ID' and it can be a string or an integer (even a string of integers).



Future


1. i asked niko to help with adding a date/time stamp to the save_answers.php file. i also asked him to make code to set the complete flag to 0 or 1.

2. i need to come up with a way to save a quiz without completing. the surveyjs library has an autosave, i will try to implement it.

3. i also need to write logic that will update tables in the db:
	a. the joining table needs to be updated with new surveyIDs and userIDs everytime a new survey is created (we should discuss how to make this better, because if there are ever a ton of users, it may take quite some time to update this table). 
	b. this same table needs to have the answerID column updated whenever a user completes a quiz, so the logic needs to obtain the userID and surveyID of the quiz completed, save it to db, then pull that answerID and copy it in the joining table (this is easy to do and only writes to table once whenever a user completes a quiz).

4. i need to finish the set default tip button. i think it just needs to update db (so it would need the functionality of a. above)

5. someone asked me about displaying answers. surveyjs has a way to display a quiz with an answer set applied to it. we can use javascript to disable all form fields, radios, etc so you can only view and not change, the responses along with the questions. i can do this if it is needed, so lets talk about this too.



Roadblocks


now that this json script is done, nothing. we just have to go over some of my points above to stay on task.
